Added documentation for --simulate (#3103)
cfengine/documentation: reference/masterfiles-policy-framework/controls-cf_agent.markdown

various settings related to `cf-agent` can be tuned.

[%CFEngine_library_include(controls/cf_agent)%]

## Options
### --simulate

Like the `--dry-run` option, the `--simulate` option tries to identify changes
to your system without making changes to the system, however it goes further
than `--dry-run` by making changes in a `chroot` and making a distinction
between *safe* and *unsafe* functions, e.g. `execresult()`.

The agent will execute promises with unsafe functions when the `--simulate`
options is given only if the promise using the function is tagged `simulate_safe`.

For example:

```cf3
bundle agent __main__
{
  vars:
      "msg"
        string => execresult( "/bin/echo Hello world!", "useshell" ),
        meta => { "simulate_safe" };

}
```

The simulate option takes a parameter, `diff`, `manifest`, or `manifest-full`
which is used to determine the summary output shown at the end of the run.

* `diff` - Show only things that changed during the simulated run.
* `manifest` - Show the desired state of the host.

> * `manifest-full` - Show the desired state of the host, including changed files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `manifest-full` - Show all files evaluated by the simulated run (including unchanged ones)
```

    - cf-agent can now simulate the changes done to files in a chroot, printing
      diff or manifest information about what it would do in a normal evaluation.
      Use the new command line option: `--simulate=diff` or `--simulate=manifest`.
      Please note that only files and packages promises are simulated currently.

    - Added a new --simulate=manifest-full mode
      New simulation mode that manifests all changed files as well as
      all other files evaluated by the agent run which were not skipped
      (by file selection rules) (CFE-3506)

#### Notes

> * Supported on Linux for `files` and `packages` type promises

Reviewer: Not sure if this is the Linux-only part is true.
